docs(migration): Add note about the need for camunda enterprise maven repo (#7979)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/guides/migrating-from-camunda-7/migration-tooling/code-conversion.md

Always back up your code or use version control before running recipes. This ensures you can review and rollback changes if needed.
:::

:::note

> The use of `camunda-7-to-8-code-conversion-recipes` artifact requires access to the Camunda Enterprise Maven repository. See the [Camunda 7 documentation](https://docs.camunda.org/get-started/apache-maven/#camunda-artifact-storage) for instructions on how to set up the repository in your Maven configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The use of `camunda-7-to-8-code-conversion-recipes` artifact requires access to the Camunda Enterprise Maven repository. See the [Camunda 7 documentation](https://docs.camunda.org/get-started/apache-maven/#camunda-artifact-storage) for instructions on setting up the repository in your Maven configuration.
```
